[RHACS] Updated vulnerability management topic (#41193)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/vulnerability-management-review-deferred.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * operating/manage-vulnerabilities.adoc
:_module-type: PROCEDURE
[id="vulnerability-management-review-deferred_{context}"]
= Reviewing a false positive or deferred CVE

.Prerequisites
* You must have the `write` permission for the `VulnerabilityManagementApprovals` resource.

> You can review a false positive or defered CVE:

Reviewer: Move this introduction sentence above the `.Prerequisites` section and mark it with abstract and use a full sentence. 

```suggestion
[role="_abstract"]
You can review a false positive or deferred CVE. 
```
